hello my name is kumagai I'm a creative
producer of the vertiginous franchise
and I've been working on this project
since the beginning of the series so
starting from verge 10x 1 2 3 up the
words tennis for I've been leading the
design and all aspects of the production
now the project was on the announced at
Gamescom is still very fresh in our
minds can you give us a brief overview
of budget ends for kind of in a nutshell
as you might know who stands for is
going to be the third installment since
the voting things were started in ps3
but we have lots of new elements in this
title for example the most notable is 3d
vision and also we are using move
control motion controller as well so
although this is a third title in the
same platform I believe everyone will
enjoy a new feature tell us a little bit
about the move integration that we'll
see in virtual tennis football players
will be doing with the controller itself
so you can enjoy a dependence game by
using the move controller as if you're
actually in the field in your playing
tennis game and we owe a lot to the
powerful system that the move has in
conjunction with moved control itself
and move I the the camera part of the
system because of the strong system and
a strong sense of the coordinates and
angle we are able to achieve a quite
strong level of linear control between
between the player and character
now one of the features is the ability
to move up to the net by moving closer
to the physical camera so you would all
concerned about people with small or
large living rooms and have objects like
coffee tables in the way well you're
right in a way I guess a good analogy
would be wii controllers I'm sure
everyone's had a one or two I
experiences where you extended hear your
mate or your family so we can't say I
can't say it will never happen with our
with this game but again what with this
motion controller and with this game I
don't need a hell of a lot of space you
probably need maybe one meter or two
meter marks and you don't have to run
around I like you're in a real tennis
court but you can you can enjoy you can
experience is something similar to a
real match in a fairly minimal space in
your low we can include the mix of first
and third person view will that be
tolerable to one or the other and what
is it important to include both versions
well aren't we get lots of discussion
about this actually and why we were
making this title but probably if you
want if you just wanted to make a
realistic gameplay and make you feel
like you're in a tennis court probably
the best way would be to make it or
first person view so you don't see the
back of your your character so you only
see the ball and you will see the core
and maybe the opponent and that sort of
stuff but that will that will lose one
of our main points are in this franchise
that you will get to be Federer you will
get to be no doubt so we need we needed
to do something something different from
that so that's why that's why we ended
up or doing a switch of first-person
view in third person view taking the
best of both sides
okay now there's a fine line between
creating an authentic and a simulation
sort of experience do you hope to make
virtual tennis for to tennis what rock
band and Guitar Hero while to learning
the fundamentals of music from what I've
heard per se from from people I know and
also other people in the development
team who have played real tennis they've
also commented that I feels really real
and it feels like you're actually
playing pays so I guess in some levels
it's evil work as a sort of simulation
problem particularly in sort of mental
mental training way
Bridget n is for is an amazing game of
using move controller in 3d TV 3d vision
and you can you can feel you're you're
you're reading a tennis court and you
can I can see the tennis sport as if
you're really hitting it so I'm pretty
I'm sure everyone will enjoy and voices
for will be out in 2011 so wait for more
announcements thank you